Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, hello.
iPhone: Hi there. How are you doing,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good, how are you
iPhone: I'm on my back on the heating pad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's the matter,
iPhone: It's in a lot of pain.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For what what happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, no.
iPhone: No, I TELL NO, I JUST AS
iPhone: It always has been like for the past
iPhone: A long time but some days are worse than others. Today was pretty bad. It hurts like all day long at work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
iPhone: Not good. Yeah. Came home. Now, I'm not saying that it feels so good so sorry I'm laying down
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. All right. I gotcha. No big deal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how. How was your week
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: I can't wait.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You had a great week or good week or okay week
iPhone: Or yesterday, could have been better but
iPhone: When my daughter is like so uptight. I don't know.
iPhone: T
iPhone: Well, my son invited us over on Sunday, and she died.
iPhone: Didn't want to come over on Sunday. So my son told me that he had and Sean that he had to work. So it was, you know, then she goes, Okay, then we'll do it Monday.
iPhone: So Melissa comes over, like at 1030 Monday morning and Sean's talk and I told her Sean said to but she didn't want to commit to chew on to come in the morning and be home by three.
iPhone: And she wants to come on her schedule not Sean
iPhone: And it's a real big thing every time it's just a mess.
iPhone: See
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What happened.
iPhone: And, you know,
iPhone: I'm
iPhone: Cheating get her way and get to leave by three, she had to wait till 530 and have dinner.
iPhone: And then she yelled at me, she yells at john
iPhone: Over there, or whatever the whatever you supposed to
iPhone: Be goes oh yeah hoppers
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does a break. Add stress to. Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: I just tried to be a peacemaker.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does it work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not always.
Know,
iPhone: everybody's always mad at me.
iPhone: Whoa. Why don't you tell me a sec. All right, to
iPhone: Say that I did, and I did.
iPhone: All this, it just came and Melissa wanted to
iPhone: Say that, but that's what happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, that's no good. That adds stress and, you know, makes the holiday. Not so fun and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
iPhone: I can just let it roll off my back. I don't think you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really
iPhone: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what's wrong with your back.
iPhone: Oh,
iPhone: Sorry I broke it like in three places in 2007 I fell out of a
iPhone: Garage onto a concrete floor out of the attic in a garage.
iPhone: Onto a concrete step road. Yeah.
iPhone: Well, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it gives you problems all the time.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is the change of weather related to it or something else that causes it to flare up. Do you know
iPhone: Oh no, but I have been taken like glucose to me for a long time. So I'm starting to take it again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
iPhone: This I know it helps
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What else has been happening this week. Everything good with your co workers.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is everything opening back up in New Mexico.
iPhone: Yeah, you need a true
iPhone: Even the churches.
iPhone: Surely,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Six feet apart.
iPhone: I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I watched a little bit of a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of the President's little speech today and you see the people in the crowd and they were all their chairs are like six feet apart from each other.
iPhone: The crowd was like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was like, wow.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I usually don't but it was all the TV.
iPhone: Right, I know I do sometimes, too, and her daughter in law is a hardcore republican Christian and she has her only grandson. And we talked to her about the might get a vaccine for the corona virus. And she goes, Well, I'm not going to give it to our son. I don't believe in vaccines.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
iPhone: That's scary.
iPhone: No, she wants him to get it so he'll have the antibodies
iPhone: And then when I talked to her son Sean Who's a big time Christian. He said, I don't care if I die I'm going to heaven.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's his belief and that's where you that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
iPhone: I told him. But yeah, I'm not sold on the whole heaven thing. So please wear your mask around Meeks. I don't want to die.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, and how did he take that
iPhone: They don't even have mass
iPhone: I guess, sir, I'm asked yesterday morning because she asked me for one
iPhone: It was real nice. One was to respirators a black one with the inserts, so it's
iPhone: A mental thing to hold it away from your face so you can breathe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So she's gonna start wearing it then.
iPhone: She wore it because she went shopping Ross.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's kind of conflicting
iPhone: I know
iPhone: Well, you have to it's required by law here tour, a mass and Mexico.
iPhone: Oh, really well. And she's she like is on the
iPhone: Internet. She's a singer for the church. She was Fox News.
iPhone: And that's what she goes, there's 100,000 people did. That's not nothing. Yeah, it is. It's 100,000 people. Yeah, it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it's not nothing until it hits home until it's somebody that's in your family or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Exactly that. You know, then it becomes something. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Another way to look at it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. I know a lot of people don't take, you know, this whole thing seriously and they think it's a conspiracy theory and, you know, why not be safe than sorry.
iPhone: Oh, and the end the vaccine. Oh, Bill Gates has this whole thing where he's going to start putting a chip in the vaccines and I being people yeah Gates is the devil.
iPhone: And the bills name 6666
iPhone: I wrote that on Facebook. I go, Oh Lord,
Aka
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Crazy just, you know, where people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just take it you know like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just kind of amazing to me the craziness that and the insanity that is just all over the place right now, you know,
iPhone: Yeah, I tell my, well, a friend of mine that works like real hardcore Christian too. And she asked me what I thought about that. And I said, well, if they do, they better disclose it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, yeah, you know, definitely. I am not down to have a chip put in
iPhone: Wayne either
But now,
Yeah.
iPhone: I don't think a lot of people would be either
iPhone: No, that's not okay. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what's your plan for the rest of the week. Do you think that you're going to be able to work are you going to stay home and try to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give your backer asked
iPhone: No, I gotta work.
iPhone: It's just
iPhone: I don't know, but
iPhone: I, I got to lay out in the pool all day yesterday at least
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Last good. There's a blast.
iPhone: Yeah, from like one till 430 or five
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You go, good to be out in the sun.
iPhone: Yeah, so it really good, but everybody else got sunburn. I got like no sun at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy. Why
iPhone: Because I'm immune to the sun. No.
iPhone: I don't know why I've worked in a
iPhone: I spent a lot of time on boats and I've worked in marinas. A lot of my life.
iPhone: And I don't know why.
iPhone: But I got me into the sun after like
iPhone: Probably after I went through my liver treatment in 2014, I would say.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is crazy. So you don't tan at all. You don't get sunburn.
iPhone: I don't get sunburned. I do start getting a little browner but I down, but I don't burn ever
iPhone: Both of my kids from last verses were burnt and Sean's always burn.
iPhone: I NEVER BURN
iPhone: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're going to work. Are you going to take your heating pad to work with you.
iPhone: Yeah, probably. I have a pillow already
iPhone: Good at my uphold it again or something because it goes all the way up right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does your son have a hot tub.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you get in the hot tub for a little bit.
iPhone: Oh yeah, I forgot about that. Good idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely my house.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe you know depending on how you feel tomorrow after work. Maybe you can go by there. I don't know how
iPhone: It is but good idea
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I asked him to be able to utilize that
iPhone: For your back, you know,
iPhone: I'm tired tonight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, well, you know, you figure that you work all day, then your back's hurting, which plays a factor with that right, your body's working overtime right now to kind of help with that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you're still doing your meetings and connected with your sponsor and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah no triggers no cravings. No issues at this point.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
iPhone: No, I'm doing. Yeah.
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good. You're feeling okay no emotional instability, everything's going okay as far as your emotions go
Yeah.
iPhone: Good. Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, yeah.
iPhone: I gotta stay there for everybody is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So funny, you gotta stay there for you.
iPhone: I know first, but everybody else like falling around, they'd probably I'll be fighting, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's your how's your son's. Any updates on any of your son's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nothing yet.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In any issues, no issues with your Suboxone does use the box and help with your pain at all.
iPhone: Really, I don't know what to do about my pain.
iPhone: You know, I figured if somebody I mean because
iPhone: Sometimes it does, but sometimes it just doesn't cut it, you know.
Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you talked to the doctor about it at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe it's a conversation that you should have with him about it because he might have suggestions and options that I totally don't know about because I'm not a doctor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, I mean,
Yeah.
iPhone: Okay. Good idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, connect with connect with the doctor and see what kind of suggestions that he might have is there, you know, he there might be something that you can take for break for pain like now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. That doesn't hinder your program doesn't hinder anything but really kind of helps you relax to where you can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get some rest and stuff.
iPhone: Well, I take muscle relaxers and I haven't taken line tonight so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, well, you're going to be knocked out.
iPhone: I don't know. They don't really knocked me out that
iPhone: Day, I would say that you helped me to be able to go to sleep, you know, I'm up like every hour, every hour, too.
iPhone: Crazy.
iPhone: Every night.
iPhone: And then john gets up with cramps and stuff.
iPhone: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Guys just kind of go back and forth, back and forth.
Yeah.
It is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well, I'll let you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everything you everything's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll see you in group on Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, all right. I hope you feel better. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye guys.
iPhone: Hey by
iPhone: He's outside